So far, we've looked at both the foundational redundancy pieces that AWS
has and regions and Availability Zones as well as resilience within application services.
Now we'll take a look at
understanding business objectives and how this relates to our work here.
Later, we'll discuss reacting to failure.
In this lesson, we'll start by discussing uptime.
What it is and how to measure it.
The opposite of uptime is downtime.
Downtime isn't quite as straightforward as it appears.
We'll learn different types of downtime and how to account for them.
RTO is the Recovery Time Objective.
This is your commitment,
the maximum amount of time that your service would be down.
Recovery Point Objective or
RP0 is the maximum amount of time over which you would lose data.
These are commitments that you would make
internally but also contractually to your customers.
Disaster recovery is the extreme of availability and resiliency.
It refers to bringing up your systems in another place,
typically another AWS region.
This would only be done in the case of a complete region outage or other disaster.